# 🌟 Today is 4 🌟

A very auspicious day for me. Some dates are etched in the heart, and for me, 4 is that magical day. Words fall short in expressing the depth of gratitude I feel towards the divine for this profound emotion.

📖 It's a humble request to all you amazing souls reading my repository :

Life is a journey filled with highs and lows, moments of joy and instances of pain. Embrace every facet, for each contributes to the beautiful tapestry of existence. Remember who you are and maintain unwavering faith in yourself, just as I do.

🚀 Enjoy exploring my solution and keep the coding spirit alive! Happy coding ! ✨


## Today's 04-03-24 [Problem Link](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/need-some-change/1)
## Swap the array elements

## Intuition
The goal of the code is to swap every pair of elements in the given array. 

## Approach

- My approach involved iterating through the array and swapping each element with the one located two positions ahead.

**I iterated through the array :**
   - Used a loop to iterate through the given array.

**Swapped elements in pairs :**
   - For each iteration, swapped the current element with the element located two positions ahead in the array.
   - The swapping is performed using a temporary variable to ensure the values are exchanged correctly.

**Repeated until the second-to-last pair:**
   - Iterated until the second-to-last pair to avoid accessing an index that is out of bounds.

I assumed the array length is sufficient for pair-wise swapping and does not handle odd-length arrays.

---
Have a look at the code , still have any confusion then please let me know in the comments

Keep Solving.:)

## Complexity
- Time complexity : $O( n )$
<!-- Add your time complexity here, e.g. $$O())$$ -->
$n$ : length of the array
- Space complexity : $O( 1 )$
<!-- Add your space complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->

## Code

```
// User function Template for Java

class Solution{
    
    // Function to swap every pair of elements in an array
    public void swapElements(int[] arr, int n){
        
        // Iterating through the array, swapping elements in pairs
        for( int i = 0; i < arr.length - 2; i++){
            
            // Temporary variable to store the current element
            int t = arr[i];
            
            // Swapping the current element with the element two positions ahead
            arr[i] = arr[i+2];
            
            // Assigning the temporary variable value to the element two positions ahead
            arr[i+2] = t;
        }
    }
}
```
